So hi hello everyone welcome back to our channel
This Capital so in this section we will talk about
fundamental and technical analysis
of ICICI Lob analysis what is the
support and resistance of the stocks, what is the
fundamental of the stocks, what should we do
in this stocks for long term mid term short
term where are the
supports and resistance so
we will discuss all these things in this video
a small disclaimer before starting the video
this video
is purely for educational purpose I am not any SEBI registered
analysis do your own research
before making any decision.  So, it is your own
decision.  I am not a SEBI registered
guy.  And the purpose of this video is to
make you independent in the market.  So let's
start the video.  So first let us come to
technical analysis.  So
in technical analysis, the first thing you look at is the
market cap of 98,300 and 5,000. Any
company with a market cap of 5,000 plus is
considered strong.  So this is the
first point.  You can see the return
is good on stocks.
So the returns are also quite good.  If we
look at the high and low here, the high has reached
2075.  Look, it's 1613.
The most important thing you have to look at is this.  Debt to
equity ratio should be less than one which
is a good symbol.  Promoter holding
is 51%.  Pledge is nothing.  So this
is very good.  Profit after tax 200 81 And
this is all about the company.  So this will let
you know about the company.
What does the company do?  Where are the businesses?  So
you can read all these things by coming here to the Scanner
website.
If we talk about prose and qs, there is only
prose here.  Dept has been reduced.   There
is a healthy dividend here.  And the
sales growth for the last 10 years is 15.1%.
This is also a good for a healthy company.   If
you see the pair comparison here, the
actual value here is 321.  But people
are ready to pay six times more premium.  Above this book value.  So the current
market price is 1973 and
look here what is the holding of the operators?
FFI holding is 24% and DII
holding is 70%.  If the combined holding of both is 20
plus then this
company is considered good.
Chances of manipulation are less.  So this is peer
comparison where you can do it.  If we
talk about their yearly results, then one
thing we have to see is whether the profit before tax
is increasing or is the profit after tax
in increasing order?  Yes it is.
So this is also a good symbol for a healthy
company.  Then here we will see
what is the share holding pattern?  So
you can see the share holding pattern.  51% Promoter,
24% FFI, 70% DI, Public 7%.  So
all these things are good.  So, with the
help of the screener, we found out that the company is fundamentally rock solid.
Then we come to our
technical analysis.  So technical
analysis has to be made simple.  So this is our
long term view.  So let us come
straight to the weekly chart.  So this is our
weekly chart.  Now if you look at the weekly chart,
we will draw some things here.
This becomes our demand zone where
people are in the demand zone where there are
chances of stocks going up from here.
Before this, for your clear understanding,
we will put EMA cross here.  So
basically this 20 moving average, this red one
is 20 moving average.  It means it
tells the average of the last 20 candles which is 1950
i.e. last 20 candles, that is, if it is a weekly chart then it
tells the average of the last 20 weeks.
So this is a good support.  50 is the 50%
moving average.  It means
this is the moving average of the last 20 candles i.e. 20 weeks.
Its average price of last 20 candles
is 1918 for 20 weeks, so this is
also considered a good support.  So
what is its condition?  So the 20 moving average should
always be above 50 i.e. in an ascending order.  That
means it should be in rising and
ascending order.  Only then is it
considered a good support.  You
will see here that the stock is in a rising pattern.
So it means this stock is
going in up trend format.  So that means the stocks
trend is also up trend.
We will also tell you how to check the up trend.
So from here we got confirmed that the
stocks are up trending and have come to a good
support and are going above the good support.
So this is the good support.  So
our first strategy
matched.  Second, we will check here
in technical.
Stochastic RSI See
What does Stochastic RSI tell you?  This is where the
oversold zone occurs.  The overbought zone is higher and lower, and the
oversold zone is below 20.  Anything can be
purchased in excess,
meaning the demand increases significantly.  If there is too
much supply then it falls.
Then after falling, when it becomes very
oversold, its
demand increases.  Then he runs away from here.
So this is what played out here.  That means it is overbought at the top and
oversold at the bottom.  So here you will see that it is
almost going upwards from oversold.
So this is a good sign, almost we still have
50 to 60% momentum left.
So it makes a good strength show.
A good strength is the Stochastic
RSI.  RSI means whenever it
crosses 50 in the upward direction, that is, it is above 50, then there is
a good strength, yes it is
positive in that big players are
interested in these stocks,
they are interested in accumulation, so this is the
whole purpose, so these three things of yours should
match, this is most likely to be uprising, that is,
first condition match, it should always be
from oversold to overbought zone,
this is also match and should be above 50,
this is also match, so here we
can go into an accumulation zone.  So this is
accumulating for a long term.  So
what will be your demand here?  So we
draw a demand here now.  So the first
demand is our demand zone, it is
created from here to here.  So this is the first
demand.  So this is first demand.
Where is second demand created?  Second demand should be
here.  From here we will come here.  So this will be
our second demand.
Where is our supply zone?  Our supply zone is
almost from here to here.  This could be
one of our supply zones.  So, you
can call this Support S1.
If we talk, so this is support S1 and
this is resistance R1.  If we measure from here to
here that in the coming few
weeks.  So after measuring we come to know
that if from here, if you have
cumulated from here to here, then almost
11 to 12% upside and momentum is
visible in this stock.  So this is whole
technical analysis and fundamental analysis
of ICICI so what support can we take
?  So let us mention here our actual support,
what will be the support?   Will there be
resistance?
So now here we are, we have mentioned here that on the
fourth day we have done the analysis of
ICICI symbol, our view was weekly, the
current market price is running at 1975,
so our support is at 1915, our support
to is at 1613, if you see here, the
analysis we did was this is support
to, this is support one and this is our
resistance almost at 2301, so
if we see our resistance here, then
our first resistance is at 2335 and second
resistance is at 2692.  So after this we
will see what will be the performances in the coming weeks.
So then we will mention here
how our performance was and
how the stocks performed.  So this is on a weekly
basis.  So thank you for watching this video.
See you in the next video
with the next analysis.  Next
technical analysis.  Hope you have
learned a lot from this video.  Again I am saying I am
not a SEBI registered cow.  This is
totally my educational purpose.  You should also consult
your advisor before taking any decision.
Do your own research before
making any such kind of position.  So this is
totally not a buy or sell recommendation.  This is
totally a motto to make you independent in
the market.  You can learn to analyze yourself.  Thank
you.  Over and out.  Keep Learning
vs Saturn Capital.